README.md, before:

# pandas-challenge

## Conclusions
- 

We will be creating Python scripts using the Pandas module in Jupyter Notebooks to do the following:

---

## **Heroes of Pymoli**
We are tasked to generate a report that breaks down purchasing data for the recent fantasy game, Heroes of Pymoli
The final report includes the following:

### **Player Count**
- Total Number of players

### **Purchasing Analysis (Total)**
- Number of Unique Items
- Average Purchase Price
- Total Number of Purchases
- Total Revenue

### **Gender Demographics**
- Percentage and Count of Male Players
- Percentage and Count of Female Players
- Percentage and Count of Other / Non-Disclosed

### **Purchasing Analysis (Gender)**
- The below, each broken by gender
  - Purchase Count
  - Average Purchase Price
  - Total Purchase Value
  - Average Purchase Total per Person by Gender
  
### **Age Demographics**
- The below each broken into bins of 4 years (i.e. <10, 10-14, 15-19, etc.)
  - Purchase Count
  - Average Purchase Price
  - Total Purchase Price
  - Average Purchase Total per Person by Age Group
  
### **Top Spenders**
- Identify the top 5 spenders in the game by total purchase value, then list (in a table):
  - SN
  - Purchase Count
  - Average Purchase Price
  - Total Purchase Price
  
### **Most Popular Items**
- Identify the 5 most popular items by purchase count, then list (in a table):
  - Item ID
  - Item Name
  - Purchase Count
  - Item Price
  - Total Purchase Value
  
### **Most Profitable Items**
- Identify the 5 most profitable items by total purchase value, then list (in a table):
  - Item ID
  - Item Name
  - Purchase Count
  - Item Price
  - Total Purchase Value

Commit message:

Made final formatting decisions, outputted dataframes and included conclusions.

README.md, after:

# pandas-challenge

## Conclusions
- The focus on audience should largely be on 20 to 24 year old players as they not only make up ~45% of the player base, they account for a substantial proportion of spending ($1,114.06).
- While there are a number of users with consistent spending habits, there exist no individual 'whale' users.
- 'The Final Critic' and 'Oathbreaker, Last Hope of the Breaking Storm' should be pushed more heavily as they are conisistent buys with high purchase totals. This may be reflective of their in-game niche as affordable and useful items.

We will be creating Python scripts using the Pandas module in Jupyter Notebooks to do the following:

---

## **Heroes of Pymoli**
We are tasked to generate a report that breaks down purchasing data for the recent fantasy game, Heroes of Pymoli
The final report includes the following:

### **Player Count**
- Total Number of players

### **Purchasing Analysis (Total)**
- Number of Unique Items
- Average Purchase Price
- Total Number of Purchases
- Total Revenue

### **Gender Demographics**
- Percentage and Count of Male Players
- Percentage and Count of Female Players
- Percentage and Count of Other / Non-Disclosed

### **Purchasing Analysis (Gender)**
- The below, each broken by gender
  - Purchase Count
  - Average Purchase Price
  - Total Purchase Value
  - Average Purchase Total per Person by Gender
  
### **Age Demographics**
- The below each broken into bins of 4 years (i.e. <10, 10-14, 15-19, etc.)
  - Purchase Count
  - Average Purchase Price
  - Total Purchase Price
  - Average Purchase Total per Person by Age Group
  
### **Top Spenders**
- Identify the top 5 spenders in the game by total purchase value, then list (in a table):
  - SN
  - Purchase Count
  - Average Purchase Price
  - Total Purchase Price
  
### **Most Popular Items**
- Identify the 5 most popular items by purchase count, then list (in a table):
  - Item ID
  - Item Name
  - Purchase Count
  - Item Price
  - Total Purchase Value
  
### **Most Profitable Items**
- Identify the 5 most profitable items by total purchase value, then list (in a table):
  - Item ID
  - Item Name
  - Purchase Count
  - Item Price
  - Total Purchase Value
